§ 1. INTRODUCTION
1. The AGH University of Krakow Study Regulations, hereinafter referred to as the Study Regulations, shall
specify in particular the organization of the studies and the related rights and duties of students, and shall
apply to all fields of study, levels of study, profiles and forms of study conducted at the University.
2. The Study Regulations shall apply to all students, University employees, in particular academic teachers, and
other persons conducting classes with students.
3. The terms used in the Study Regulations shall have the following meanings:
1) characteristics of learning outcomes – learning outcomes specified in the form of characteristics for
levels 6 and 7 of the second degree typical of qualifications obtained under the higher education system
as defined in the Act of 22th of December 2015 on the Integrated Qualifications System, hereinafter
referred to as the IQS Act, and in the executive regulations;
2) Dean of the Faculty – the head of the basic organisational unit of the University that conducts
education in a given field of study, level and profile;
3) learning outcomes – the amount of knowledge, skills and social competence obtained in the process
of education by the student;
4) form of study – full-time or part-time studies;
5) class schedule – a detailed schedule of modules in a given semester of studies along with information
about the place and time of classes;
6) congress languages – English, German, French, Spanish, Russian language;
7) engineer field of study – a field of study leading to a degree of inżynier or magister inżynier;
8) field of study – a separate form of education within higher education, carried out at the University in
the manner specified in the curriculum within the 6th and 7th level of the Polish Qualifications Framework;
9) learning outcomes prescribed to a field of study – learning outcomes defined for a given field of
study, level and profile;
10) module – a separate unit of the realization of the curriculum and documentation of the course of study,
required within a given semester of studies or as a one of graduation conditions, to which, in particular,
the assumed learning outcomes, program content and a number of ECTS credits are assigned; a module
may be in particular a course, practical placement, diploma project or diploma thesis, as well as work in
a student research club and participation in scientific research;
11) learning outcomes prescribed to a module – learning outcomes defined for each module;
11a) thesis supervisor – the diploma thesis supervisor or the diploma project supervisor;
12) study plan – a set of all modules in each semester along with the assigned ECTS credits, forms of
classes and number of hours, as well as a number of ECTS credits required to complete a given semester;
13) Polish Qualifications Framework [PRK/PQF] – a description of eight separate levels of qualifications
corresponding to the relevant levels of the European Qualifications Framework, as referred to in the IQS
Act, formulated with the use of general characteristics of learning outcomes for qualifications at
particular levels, classified in terms of knowledge, skills and social competences;
14) PRK level 6 – the level of the Polish Qualifications Framework corresponding to the level of first-cycle
degree programme;
15) PRK level 7 – the level of the Polish Qualifications Framework corresponding to the level of secondcycle degree programme;
16) level of studies – a first-cycle degree programme or second-cycle degree programme;
17) profile – a practical or general academic profile within a given field of study;
18) general academic profile – a profile of studies where more than half of the ECTS credits required for
graduation is allocated to classes related to the scientific activity conducted at the University in the
discipline or disciplines to which the field of study is assigned to, and where the participation of students
in classes preparing for scientific and research activity or participation in this activity is included;
19) practical profile – a profile of studies where more than half of the ECTS credits required for graduation
is allocated to classes developing practical skills;
20) curriculum – a description of the assumed learning outcomes applicable for a given field of study, level
and profile, along with a description of the process leading to their achievement;
21) teacher responsible for the course – an academic teacher or other person with competences and
experience enabling proper conduct of classes, to whom the Dean of the Faculty entrusted conducting
a course provided in the curriculum;
22) class teacher – an academic teacher or other person with competences and experience enabling proper
conduct of classes, or a doctoral student undergoing practical placement in the form of conducting
classes, to whom the Dean of the Faculty entrusted conducting classes within a given course, in
accordance with the plan of teaching hours;
23) course – the smallest separate unit in the curriculum conducted at the University, consisting of at least
one form of classes, to which the assumed learning outcomes and number of ECTS credits are assigned
to, carried out by an academic teacher employed at the University or another person having competence
and experience enabling proper conduct of classes;
24) ECTS credits – a number of credits defined in the European Credit Transfer System as a measure of
the student’s average workload necessary to achieve the assumed learning outcomes;
25) year of education – a year of students beginning their studies in the first semester of studies in a
given academic year, in accordance with the curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and
profile;
26) curriculum differences – modules that a student shall be required to complete additionally due to
transfer from another university, change of the field of study or form of study, as well as due to semester
repetition, leave form classes or resumption of studies;
27) major – a way of diversifying the organization of education within a field of study conducted at the level
of the second-cycle degree programmes;
28) the Statute – the Statute of the AGH University of Krakow;
29) student – a person taking higher education, admitted to studies in accordance with the regulations in
force at the University;
30) studies – a form of higher education, conducted at the level of first-cycle degree programmes and at
the level of second-cycle degree programmes;
31) syllabus – a detailed description of a module established by the academic teacher or by the other
person having competence and experience enabling proper conduct of classes in accordance with the
curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile, in consultation with the Dean of the
Faculty; in case of a course, the syllabus shall be determined by a teacher responsible for the course;
31a) the USOS System – the University Study-Oriented System: a student management information
system supporting service of the education process at the University;
32) graduation path – a way of diversifying the organization of education within a field of study conducted
at level of the first-cycle degree programme or second-cycle degree programme;
33) education path – a way of diversifying the organization of education within a field of study conducted
jointly by at least two faculties of the University at the level of the first-cycle degree programme;
34) the AGH University – the AGH University of Krakow;
35) the Act – the Act of 20th of July 2018 - Law on Higher Education and Science;
36) conditions for pursuing studies – requirements specified in the University related to the realization
of the curriculum for a specific field of study, level and profile, conditioning graduation and obtaining a
graduation diploma;
37) study rules – detailed rules for the realization of the curriculum established by the Dean of the Faculty.
4. Whenever the Study Regulations refer to the Dean of the Faculty, it shall also be understood as the ViceDean of the Faculty, whose scope of competence, in accordance with the Rector's authorization, includes
student or education matters specified herein.
§ 2. GENERAL REGULATIONS
1. Students, doctoral students and employees of the University constitute the community of the University; as
its members, they co-decide about the University’s affairs and are jointly responsibility for the performance
of its tasks.
2. All decisions taken pursuant to the Study Regulations shall result from understanding the needs, rights and
obligations of the academic youth and shall be consistent with the common good, with the Act and with the
Statute.
3. The Rector is the superior of the students at the University, and the Dean – at the faculty.
3a. The Student Ombudsman shall protect student rights and obligations set out in the Study Regulations and
in other regulations in force at the University.
3b. The scope and manner of operation of the Student Ombudsman shall be determined by the Rector by way
of an order.
4. Administrative decisions and in-house settlements which are not administrative decisions (so-called
settlements) shall be issued in students individual matters specified herein.
5. In case of administrative decisions as referred to in section 4:
1) administrative decisions shall be issued by the Rector; the Rector may authorize the Vice-Rector for
Education, Faculty Dean or Vice-Dean of the Faculty to issue administrative decisions within the Rector’s
competence;
2) administrative decisions issued by the Rector may be re-examine within a request to reconsider the
case;
3) a request to reconsider the case shall be submitted in writing within 14 days from the delivery date of
the administrative decision;
4) if the administrative decision has been issued under the authority of the Rector, the request to reconsider
the case shall be submitted through the authorized Dean of the Faculty or Vice-Dean of the Faculty who
issued the administrative decision;
5) the provisions of the Code of Administrative Procedure shall apply to administrative decisions and
requests to reconsider the case as referred to herein.
6. In case of settlements as referred to in section 4:
1) settlements shall be issued by the Dean of the Faculty, unless the provisions hereof provide otherwise;
the Rector may authorize the Vice-Dean of the Faculty to issue settlements specified herein within the
scope of the Dean's competence;
2) settlements issued by the Dean of the Faculty may be appealed to the Vice-Rector for Education, unless
the provisions hereof provide otherwise;
3) an appeal shall be submitted in writing within 14 days from the delivery date or announcement of the
settlement, via the Dean of the Faculty or Vice-Dean of the Faculty who issued the decision, unless the
provisions hereof provide otherwise;
4) no further appeal may be made against the settlement of the Vice-Rector for Education;
5) the provisions of the Code of Administrative Procedure shall not apply to settlements and appeals as
referred to herein.
7. If the provisions hereof require a request, it shall be submitted in writing no later than 7 days before the
beginning of classes in a given semester, according to the detailed organization of the academic year valid
for a given academic year, unless the Study Regulations provide otherwise.
8. In students individual matters, excluding the matters as referred to in § 22 and § 23, students may
submit requests in electronic form. The Vice-Rector for Education shall determine the method of
submitting student requests in electronic form.
8a. In matters related to the organization of studies and the realization of the education process, students and
employees of the University, including in particular academic teachers and other persons conducting classes
with students, shall be obliged to use only e-mail in the domain registered at the University.
9. The Student Self-Government bodies are representative of the entire student community at the University,
and are authorized to express their opinions in all matters relating to students.
10. The University authorities shall be obliged, as far as possible, to undertake activities aimed at adjusting the
organization and proper realization of the education process to the specific needs of students with disabilities,
including adapting the conditions for pursuing studies to the type of disability. At the University, the AGH
University Office for People with Disabilities [BON] is the unit responsible for supporting and coordinating
activities for people with disabilities.
11. The University may organize voluntary supplementary courses in mathematics, physics and chemistry for
first-year full-time and part-time students within the scope of the secondary school curriculum. Detailed
rules for the organization of those courses shall be specified by the Rector by way of an order.
§ 3. STUDIES AT THE UNIVERSITY
1. Studies at the University are conducted in a full-time or part-time form as:
1) first-cycle degree programmes:
a) engineer programmes – leading to a degree of inżynier, lasting at least 7 semesters,
b) bachelor programmes – leading to a degree of licencjat, lasting at least 6 semesters;
2) second-cycle degree programmes:
a) master programmes in engineering – leading to a degree of magister inżynier, lasting from 3 to 5
semesters, depending on the curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile,
b) master programmes – leading to a degree of magister, lasting from 4 to 5 semesters, depending
on the curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile.
2. The total duration of full-time first-cycle degree programmes and second-cycle degree programmes for
individual fields of study shall not be less than 10 semesters.
3. The part-time studies may last one or two semesters longer than the corresponding full-time studies,
depending on the curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile.
4. The period of first-cycle and second-cycle degree programme includes practical placement of a student, if
the curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile provides for practical placement.
5. In case of repeating a semester, obtaining a leave from classes or changing the form of studies, the actual
duration of studies may be extended accordingly.
6. In case of first-cycle degree programmes where classes finish in the winter semester the last year of studies
shall last one semester, and in case of second-cycle degree programmes where classes begin in the summer
semester the last year of studies shall last two semesters.
§ 4. ADMISSION TO STUDIES
1. Admission to studies shall take place through:
1) recruitment, in accordance with the regulations in force at the University, and in particular in accordance
with a resolution of the Senate specifying the conditions, procedure and date of commencement and
completion of recruitment for the first year of study in a given academic year;
2) confirmation of learning outcomes, on the terms set out in a separate resolution of the Senate;
3) transfer from another university, including a foreign university, on the terms set out herein;
4) resumption of studies, on the terms set out herein.
2. A person admitted to studies shall commence studies and shall acquire student rights upon taking the oath.
3. Admission to studies shall be refused by way of an administrative decision.
§ 5. STUDENT RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
1. A student shall have the right to:
1) acquire knowledge in a chosen field of study;
2) participate in classes, take examinations and complete classes provided for in the curriculum;
3) study according to an individual organization of studies, after meeting the requirements defined by the
Dean of the Faculty;
4) transfer the university, field of study or form of study, on the terms set out herein;
5) transfer and to recognize ECTS credits, on the terms set out herein;
6) excuse absences from classes, obtain a leave from classes and a leave from classes along with the
possibility of proceeding the verification of the achieved learning outcomes specified in the curriculum,
on the terms set out herein;
7) take an final resit examination conducted before an examination board with the participation of an
observer indicated by the student, on the terms set out herein;
8) repeat certain classes due to unsatisfactory academic performance, on the terms set out herein;
9) complete a part of studies at another university, including the university abroad, after meeting
requirements specified in agreements or contracts concluded by the University, or on its own initiative,
after meeting requirements specified herein;
10) express opinions about conducted classes, including the assessment of classes according to the rules
set out in separate regulations;
11) submit postulates to the University Authorities with respect to the process of education and upbringing,
as well as regarding the functioning of the University;
12) elect the University Authorities, to the extent and in the manner specified by the Act and the Statute,
as well as to elect its representatives to collegial bodies of the University;
13) co-decide through the Student Self-Government bodies in matters related to the process of education,
granting financial support, awards and distinctions, as well as the distribution of funds allocated for
student purposes;
14) associate in the University student organizations;
15) receive awards and distinctions;
16) receive financial support according to the rules set out in separate regulations;
17) develop scientific, cultural, tourist and sports interests according to the rules in force at the University.
1a. A student may pursue education at the University using the tutoring method in accordance with the rules in
force at the University. Within the tutoring method the needs and interests of the most talented students
shall be taken into account, especially towards the development and adaptation of working methods to a
specific student (tutor student) in accordance with his/her interests, predispositions and possibilities under
the supervision of an academic teacher (tutor) of his/her choice.
2. A student may take up an additional field of study only through the admission procedure. When taking up
studies at several fields of study, a student shall be obliged to determine one of them as the first field of
study or the next field of study. A student shall be required to inform in writing the Deans of all the faculties,
at which he/she is studying, about the choice of the first and the next field of study.
3. A student may take up an additional education path, graduation path or major within the pursued field of
study, only with the permission of the Dean of the Faculty, who specifies the detailed rules of their realization.
Taking up an additional education path, graduation path or major may not lead to the extension of the
duration of the pursued field of study. Only after Dean’s permission to take up the additional education path,
graduation path or major, a student shall be obliged to complete full set of modules specified for a given
education path, graduation path or in accordance with the requirements specified in the curriculum. The
realization of classes as a part of an additional education path, graduation path or major shall be considered
as participation in the classes not covered by the curriculum.
4. (repealed).
5. (repealed).
6. A student shall be required to act in accordance with the content of the oath and the regulations in force at
the University, in particular:
1) to act ethically in accordance with the Students Code of Ethics;
2) to pursue studies in accordance with the curriculum, including participation in classes covered by the
curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile, on the terms set out herein; 
3) to take examinations and complete classes, complete practical placements and meet other requirements
provided for in the curriculum;
4) to cultivate the University tradition;
5) to behave with dignity in and outside the University;
6) to respect the University’s property;
7) to take care of student documents.
7. Students shall have the right to have a student ID card until the date of graduation, suspension of student
rights or expulsion from the studies, and in case of graduates of first-cycle degree programmes – until 31st
of October of the year of graduation.
8. In case of destruction or loss of a student ID card, a student shall be required to notify the University
immediately of this fact.
9. A student shall be also required, no later than within 7 days, to notify the Dean of the Faculty of any changes
concerning personal data, in particular concerning marital status, surname or address, correspondence
address, e-mail address and identity document, as well as about any changes regarding financial conditions,
if they affect on granting and on amount of student benefits. In case of failure to comply with this obligation,
all negative consequences shall be borne by the student.
10. A student shall be required to pay fees for educational services as determined in the Act, in a timely manner,
under the terms, within the procedure and in the amount specified in separate regulations.
11. Student rights and obligations shall expire on the date of graduation or final expulsion from the studies.
12. (repealed).
§ 6. ORGANIZATION OF THE ACADEMIC YEAR
1. The academic year shall begin on 1st of October and shall end on 30th of September of the next calendar
year.
2. The academic year consists of two semesters: winter semester and summer semester, and includes:
1) period of conducting classes in each semester;
2) two examination sessions, free from classes, lasting in total no less than six weeks:
a) winter examination session (the main and the resit examination session), after the end of classes in
the winter semester;
b) summer examination session (the main and the resit examination session), after the end of classes
in the summer semester;
3) winter, spring and summer holidays, lasting in total no less than six weeks, including at least four weeks
of continuous summer holidays;
4) midterm break between the winter and summer semesters, lasting no less than a week.
3. Detailed organization of the academic year shall be determined by the Rector after consultation with the
Student Self-Government and shall be announced no later than 90 days before the beginning of the academic
year.
4. In case of students of the last semester of the first-cycle degree programme, the Dean of the Faculty, in
consultation with the Rector and the faculty body of the Student Self-Government, may introduce changes
to the organization of the academic year determined by the Rector, by changing the dates as referred to in
section 2. However, this shall not apply to the beginning date and to the end date of the academic year.
5. Part-time students meetings shall be held in accordance with the class schedules established and announced
by the Dean no later than within 7 days before the beginning of the classes. The organization of part-time
students meetings may not violate the organization of the academic year as referred to in section 2.
6. In justified cases, in particular resulting from the calendar layout in a given academic year, it shall be allowed
to organize a part-time students meeting before the beginning of the academic year as referred to in section
1.
7. The Rector for the University, and the Dean of the Faculty with the Rector’s consent – for the Faculty, may
establish days or hours as free from classes during the academic year. The relevant Student Self-Government
bodies shall have the right to submit proposals to establish such days and hours.
8. Conducting or making up for classes during the days or hours free from classes, as referred to in section 7,
shall be admissible with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty and in agreement between the class teacher
and the participating students.
§ 7. CONDITIONS FOR PURSUING STUDIES: CURRICULUM
AND STUDY RULES
1. Studies at the University shall be conducted in a specific field of study, level and profile, in accordance with
the conditions for pursuing studies, which include:
1) a curriculum established by the AGH University Senate, after consulting with the authorized faculty body
of the Student Self-Government expressed in writing;
2) study rules, established by the Dean of the Faculty, after consulting with the authorized faculty body of
the Student Self-Government expressed in writing.
2. A curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile shall specify:
1) field of study learning outcomes;
2) description of the process leading to the achievement of the assumed learning outcomes.
3. In case of pursuing degree programmes in a given field of study defined, level of studies and profile in the
form of full-time and part-times studies, and in case of differentiation of education process within education
path, graduation path or major, a curriculum shall assume obtaining the same learning outcomes prescribed
to a field of study.
4. Curricula at the University shall be established along with the provisions of the Act and executive provisions
to the Act, as well as along with the guidelines adopted by the Senate.
5. A curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile, as a part of the description of the process leading
to the achievement of the assumed learning outcomes, as referred to in section 2, defines:
1) form of study (full-time or part-time studies);
2) duration of studies (number of semesters);
3) number of ECTS credits required for graduation at a given level;
4) degree awarded to graduates;
5) field/fields of science and discipline/disciplines of science (including the leading discipline) to which the
field of study is assigned to, in accordance with the regulation of the Ministry of Science and Higher
Education on the fields and disciplines of science and disciplines of the arts and on the basis set out in
the Act;
6) modules, specifying compulsory and elective modules, including those within the education path,
graduation path or major, along with the assignment of learning outcomes prescribed to a module and
a number of ECTS credits;
7) total number of teaching hours;
8) methods of verification and assessment of the learning outcomes achieved by the student within
individual modules;
9) a study plan;
10) total number of ECTS credits that a student shall be required to achieve during:
a) classes that require direct participation of academic teachers and other persons conducting classes,
b) classes in the basic science appropriate for a given field of study,
c) classes of practical nature, developing practical skills, including laboratories, project classes,
practical classes and workshop classes,
d) classes in the field of humanities or social sciences – in case of fields of study assigned to disciplines
within fields other than the humanities or social sciences respectively,
e) foreign language classes;
11) dimension, requirements and mode of a practical placement, as well as a total number of ECTS credits
that a student shall be required to achieve during a practical placement.
6. A curriculum for the first-cycle degree programmes conducted in the form of full-time studies shall also
include physical education classes with neither learning outcomes nor a number of ECTS credits assigned to.
7. A curriculum shall allow a student to choose modules with ECTS credits assigned to of no less than 30% of
the total number of ECTS credits required for graduation at a given level.
8. A curriculum may also define modules, the participation and/or completion of which is conditional upon prior
completion of other relevant modules (the so-called the sequential order of modules).
9. A curriculum pursued in Polish language may allow classes to be conducted in congress languages, including
conducting examinations or other forms of verification of the assumed learning outcomes. This may only
apply to elective courses or to courses conducted concurrently with classes pursued in Polish language.
10. In case of studies conducted in a given field of study, level of study and profile in the form of full-time and
part-time studies, a study plan shall be prepared separately for each of these forms.
11. In case of full-time studies a number of classes per week may not exceed 30 hours (excluding practical
placements and fieldworks).
12. In case of full-time studies a number of class hours per day shall be specified so that a number of these
hours per day does not exceed 10 hours.
13. In case of part-time studies a nominal number of semesters and a number of class meetings in a semester
shall be established so that a number of class hours per one day of the class meeting does not exceed 10
hours.
14. A curriculum for a field of study with a practical profile shall provide classes developing practical skills in the
amount greater than 50% of a number of ECTS credits required for graduation at a given level.
15. A curriculum for a field of study with an academic profile shall provide classes related to the scientific activity
carried out at the University in the discipline or disciplines to which a field of study is assigned to, in the
amount greater than 50% of a number of ECTS credits required for graduation at a given level, and shall
provide student participation in classes preparing to preform scientific activity or participation in this activity.
16. A curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile may provide for differentiation of education
within education paths, graduation paths or majors.
17. Study rules shall define in particular:
1) rules for registration for the next semester, including the registration within a so-called total admissible
ECTS credits deficit def PK;
2) organization of classes within so-called blocks of classes, i.e. such an organization of courses or
particular forms of classes specified in the class schedule as referred to in section 21, that provides for
exceptions to cyclical nature of conducting classes in individual weeks in a given semester of studies;
3) control semesters, i.e. selected semesters of studies, at which completion both ECTS credits assessment
and the curriculum assessment of a student hitherto course of study shall take place, in particular the
advancement of level of completing compulsory modules; it is recommended that one of control
semesters shall directly precede the diploma semester;
4) detailed conditions for pursuing studies according to an individual organization of studies;
5) conditions for pursuing a practical placement, including in particular a system of its control and
completion;
6) rules regarding election of modules;
7) rules regarding election of education paths, graduation paths or major or process of qualification to
them;
8) conditions and requirements related to preparation of diploma projects and diploma theses, as well as
the course of a diploma procedure, in particular detailed diploma rules related to the organization and
the course of diploma examinations, as referred to in § 26 section 11;
9) other requirements related to the realization of a curriculum and graduation resulting from the Study
Regulations or other provisions in force at the University.
18. During control semesters as referred to in section 17 point 3, the Dean of the Faculty may correct student
semester plans of classes, considering his/her hitherto achievements.
19. A curriculum along with the Senate resolution on establishing the curriculum for a specific field of study,
level and profile shall be made available by the University in the Public Information Bulletin on the University 
website no later than within 14 days from the date of its adoption and no later than 3 months before the
beginning of studies by the year of education in a given academic year.
20. Study rules shall be announced by the Dean of the Faculty on the Faculty's website no later than 1 month
before the commencement of studies by the year of education in a given academic year.
21. The Dean of the Faculty shall establish and announce the class schedule for a given semester no later than
7 days before the beginning of the semester.
§ 8. SEMESTER TIMETABLE
1. Each student shall take classes in a given semester based on its own individual timetable (the so-called
semester timetable) prepared in the USOS system.
2. The semester timetable shall be prepared in such a way that it creates the possibility of obtaining the
minimum number of ECTS credits, which entitles the student to complete a semester of studies and to be
registered for the next semester of studies.
3. A semester timetable shall include:
1) all compulsory and elective modules that a student intends to pursue and complete in a given semester,
provided that the assigned number of ECTS credits may not be less than a number of ECTS credits
provided for in the study plan for a given semester, ranging from 27 to 33 ECTS credits, and may not
be less than 60 ECTS credits for a given year of study, if it lasts for two semesters, subject to § 12
section 10 and 11;
2) modules constituting possible curriculum differences, as defined by the Dean of the Faculty;
3) repeated courses and modules, subject to requirements set out in § 18 section 1.
3a. A student shall be required to verify the correctness of all modules included in the semester timetable in the
USOS system within 14 days from the beginning of classes in a given semester. Reservations or discrepancies
regarding the semester timetable shall be reported to the Dean's Office.
4. A student, with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty, may also pursue classes not covered by the curriculum
for a studied field of study, but once they are placed in a semester timetable a student shall be required to
complete them, in accordance with the requirements set out in the Study Regulations, the curriculum, and
by a teacher responsible for the course in the syllabus as referred to in § 10 section 6. However, the achieved
ECTS credits are not taken into account when completing a semester of studies, but are included as additional
achievements in a diploma supplement.
5. A semester timetable for second-cycle degree programme may not include modules completed during firstcycle degree programme, if they are electives.
6. (repealed).
7. Changing a semester timetable shall be admissible only with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty.
§ 9. INDIVIDUAL ORGANIZATION OF STUDIES
1. A student shall have the right to pursue studies in a specific field of study, level and profile within an individual
organization of studies (hereinafter referred to as the IOS) with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty.
2. In case of full-time studies, a pregnant student or students being parents may not be refused permission to study
in a specific field of study, level and profile according to the IOS until the graduation.
3. For the IOS may apply in particular students:
1) especially gifted and distinguished in science;
2) with disabilities;
3) in a difficult life situation;
4) participating in sports competitions at national or international level;
5) wishing to complete part of their studies at another university;
6) studying in more than one field of study;
7) elected to the collegiate body of the University;
8) for whom the learning outcomes have been confirmed;
9) foreigners undergoing a Polish language course.
3a. A student who wishes to implement a research project or a scientific project as a part of a research path of
education under the Project "Initiative of Excellence Research University (IDUB)" may also apply for the IOS.
4. The IOS may in particular rely on:
1) individual selection of modules, methods and forms of education;
2) modification of the form of completion of classes and examinations;
3) modification of a number of ECTS credits required to complete a semester of studies;
4) modification of the weekly class schedule, if possible, by selecting a class group and / or hours of classes in a
way that allows realization of the current curriculum, adapting to student time possibilities;
5) changes of examination dates and dates for completing classes in agreement with a teacher responsible for
the course or with a class teacher.
5. The IOS may apply to classes within one or several semesters or the entire course of study.
6. A request for granting the IOS shall be submitted to the Dean of the Faculty along with the justification,
immediately after the occurrence of reasons constituting the basis for its granting, and in case as referred to in
section 2, a request shall be documented properly.
7. Rules for pursuing studies within the IOS shall be specified by the Dean of the Faculty, however, pursuing such
studies may not lead to a change in learning outcomes prescribed to a field of study and modules recognized in a
curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile as compulsory, or may not lead to a prolongation of the
graduation date. Those rules shall define, in particular, the application procedure, the scope of individualization, a
role of a student academic tutor and a way of approving semester timetables.
8. A student who wishes to complete a part of studies at another university, while applying for the IOS, shall be
obliged to meet following conditions before the departure:
1) preparation a learning agreement containing a list of modules that a student intends to pursue at another
university and their equivalents in a current curriculum; the Dean of the Faculty shall approve the agreement,
specifying which modules may be completed by a student after his/her return;
2) obtaining a leave from classes for the time of pursuing studies outside the University, unless the leave is not
required due to the formula of the departure (e.g. as a part of organized programmes).
9. In case as referred to in section 8:
1) completion of the period of studies conducted outside the University shall take place after student’s return
and after submission of documents from another university containing confirmation of completed modules,
detailing their program, a number of ECTS credits obtained, a number of hours of completed classes and
obtained grades;
2) modules carried out at another university shall be acknowledged by the Dean of the Faculty, in accordance
with the principles set out in § 12 section 8;
3) a student shall be obliged to submit documents as referred to in point 1 immediately after the return, but no
later than in the deadline for registering for the next semester, unless the Dean of the Faculty sets a different
deadline because of the organization of classes at another university.
10. The organization of confirming learning outcomes shall be determined by the Senate by way of a separate
resolution.
§ 10. COURSES, CLASS MODULES AND SYLLABUSES
1. Class modules shall be settled on a semester basis.
2. Subject to § 12 section 4 and § 13 section 6, in each semester a final grade from a module shall be issued, in
accordance with the grading scale specified herein, on the terms specified in the syllabus, and it shall be entered
into the USOS System.
3. The final grade shall be issued only after meeting all conditions for completing the module specified in the syllabus.
Failure to meet all the conditions for completing a module specified in the syllabus shall be recorded in the USOS
System.
4. A final grade may be only a positive grade.
5. A final grade may not be awarded for physical education classes.
6. A syllabus shall specify in particular:
1) elements included in the curriculum:
a) name of a module,
b) a number of ECTS credits (with an indication of the method of its determination),
c) learning outcomes prescribed to the module with their reference to learning outcomes prescribed to a
field of study,
d) program content ensuring the achievement of those learning outcomes,
e) forms of classes within the module along with their reference to the learning outcomes prescribed to the
module,
f) number of teaching hours within each form of classes,
g) methods of verification and assessment of learning outcomes achieved by a student within each form of
classes and for the entire module;
2) additional elements, in particular:
a) detailed education content within each form of classes (detailed program of lectures and other classes),
b) teaching methods and techniques,
c) conditions and the manner of completing each form of classes, including the rules of making retakes, as
well as the conditions for admission to the examination, their form and detailed rules for the
organization of the examination,
d) rules of participation in given classes, indicating whether student presence at the lecture in case as
referred to in § 11 section 3 the second sentence is obligatory,
e) the manner of determining the final grade (rules and criteria for awarding grades, as well as the method
of calculating the grade in case of a course that includes more than one form of classes, taking into
account all forms of classes and all dates of examinations and completion of classes, including the
retakes),
f) the manner and mode of making up for the backlog caused by a student justified absence from classes,
g) prerequisites and additional requirements, taking into account the sequential order of modules as referred
to in § 7 section 8 and subject to provisions set out in section 8,
h) recommended literature and teaching aids,
i) scientific publications of persons conducting classes related to the topic of the module.
7. Completion of a module shall be allowed only on the basis of the requirements specified in the syllabus, determined
and published in accordance with the rules in force at the University.
8. A teacher responsible for the course and a class teacher shall be obliged to allow a student to participate in or to
complete classes within a given course, if the curriculum does not specify modules where participation and/or
completion of classes is conditional upon prior completion of relevant modules (the so-called sequential order of
modules).
9. Syllabuses shall be published on the University's website no later than 2 weeks before the beginning of the
semester in which a given course is to be completed. The syllabus shall be discussed in the first class.
10. A student work in a student research club, in a research project or in a scientific project, as well as in scientific
research, may constitute an elective module for which ECTS credits may be assigned, in accordance with the
principles referred to in § 12 section 6 and section 7 point 1.
11. Class modules, as referred to in section 10, may be conducted as a part of a research path of education under the
Project "Initiative of Excellence Research University (IDUB)”.
12. It is not allowed to use the so-called negative points during the process of verification of learning outcomes
prescribed to a module within each form of classes, including colloquia, tests and projects.
13. Results of partial colloquia, tests and projects within given classes shall be announced to students no later
than during next classes.
14. A number of student absences from classes, if not specified in the syllabus, shall be determined by a class
teacher in consultation with students.
15. (repealed).
16. (repealed).
§ 11. CLASSES
1. Classes at the University shall be conducted in the following forms:
1) lectures;
2) auditorium classes;
3) laboratory classes, the purpose of which is to independently perform experiments and research by a student
within the scope specified in the syllabus as referred to in § 10 section 6;
4) project classes which consist in development of basic parts of projects included in the syllabus under the
supervision of a class teacher in order to acquire appropriate skills;
5) discussion seminars, which are a combination of lectures and auditorium classes;
6) seminars, in particular aimed at developing the content of lectures with active participation of students or
aimed at preparing for submitting a diploma thesis or a diploma project;
7) foreign language classes aimed at mastering the ability to use a foreign language at the appropriate level of
the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR);
8) practical classes the purpose of which is to educate students in practical use of acquired knowledge;
9) workshop classes, which are a combination of auditorium classes, laboratory classes, project classes or
practical classes;
10) fieldworks;
11) control and transitional thesis which consist in independent development of a topic assigned as a part of own
work;
12) physical education classes.
2. It shall be also admissible to conduct consultations within a course, which consist in providing explanations,
information and tips by a class teacher on problems reported by students and related to the content of classes.
3. A student shall be required to participate in classes as referred to in § 11 section 1 point 2-12. In case of courses
conducted only in the form of a lecture, a teacher responsible for the course may decide that student’s presence
at a lecture within such a course is obligatory, taking into account the need to achieve all the assumed learning
outcomes.
4. In case of absence from compulsory classes, a student shall be obliged to justify his/her absence in front of a class
teacher at the latest within 7 days after the reason justifying the absence ceases to exist.
5. Failure to justify absence from classes may constitute the basis for failing classes, if a student has not made up
for the arrears resulting from his/her absence, in accordance with the rules set out in the syllabus.
6. Classes may be attended by assistants of students with disabilities, including sign language translators. Persons
assisting students with disabilities shall have the consent of the Vice-Rector for Education to participate in the
classes.
7. Depending on the type of disability, appropriate conditions for attending classes, in particular for completing them,
shall be provided.
8. Students may take notes from classes solely for their own use. Preserving the image, sound, content or materials
presented or transmitted as a part of classes with the use of devices in any way shall be admissible only with the
consent of a class teacher.
9. (repealed).
10. Education during studies at the AGH University may be conducted with the use of distance learning methods and
techniques. Detailed rules for organization and conduct of such education, especially with regard to the
organization and conduct of classes, requirements to be met to conduct such classes, the verification of achieved
learning outcomes specified in the curriculum, in particular during completion of classes and examinations, 
including also diploma examinations, with the use of electronic devices of communication, shall be specified by the
Rector by way of an order.
11. If a student is exposed to harmful, burdensome or dangerous factors for health during classes, he/she shall be
admitted to those classes only after submitting a valid medical certificate issued in accordance with the provisions
on the occupational medicine service and on medical examinations of candidates for universities and students.
12. Classes for full-time studies, excluding fieldworks, shall be held from Monday to Friday.
12a. If the curriculum applicable to a given field of study, level and profile provides for mandatory fieldworks, they may
be held on dates set by the Dean of the Faculty in consultation with the teacher conducting these classes and the
students participating in them.
13. Classes for part-time studies shall be held from Friday to Sunday.
14. Conducting classes on days of the week other than those referred to in section 12 or section 13 shall be admissible
with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty, in agreement between the class teacher conducting those classes and
students participating in them.
15. Classes shall be held from 7.30 to 20.30.
16. In case of a longer absence of a class teacher conducting given classes, the Dean of the Faculty shall appoint a
substitute to conduct those classes.
§ 12. ECTS CREDIT TRANSFER SYSTEM AND TRANSFER OF ACHIEVEMENTS
1. Student achievements shall be expressed in accordance with the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS).
2. A student during the studies shall accumulate ECTS credits assigned to the compulsory and elective modules
provided for in the curriculum.
3. Each module in each semester shall be assigned with the total number of ECTS credits specified in the curriculum,
subject to section 4.
4. Foreign language classes shall be assigned with the same ECTS credits throughout the University. The principles
of learning foreign languages, including a number of ECTS credits, shall be specified by the Senate in a separate
resolution.
5. ECTS credits shall not be assigned to a separate form of classes listed in § 11 section 1 and section 2.
6. One ECTS credit corresponds to 25–30 hours of student’s work comprising classes organized by the University
and the individual work related to those classes.
7. ECTS credits shall be awarded for:
1) completing each module provided for in the curriculum, where a number of ECTS credits does not depend on
a obtained grade, and on condition that ECTS credits may be granted after meeting by a student requirements
for achieving the assumed learning outcomes specified in the syllabus;
2) preparation and submission of a diploma project or a diploma thesis, depending on the level of studies.
8. In case of classes completed at another field of study or outside the University, including studies abroad, the
following rules shall apply:
1) ECTS credits shall be recognized without a re-verification of learning outcomes, if the education was conducted
in accordance with an agreement concluded between universities;
2) ECTS credits may be recognized in place of modules specified in the curriculum in case of convergence of
achieved learning outcomes, after consulting with a teacher responsible for the course;
3) a student shall receive at the receiving Faculty a number of ECTS credits assigned to learning outcomes
obtained as a result of the realization of the relevant modules at this Faculty;
4) the Dean of the Faculty shall decide on recognition (transfer) of specific modules, ECTS credits and on
conversion of obtained grades into the grading scale as referred to in § 13 section 1, at the request of a
student or of a person admitted to studies, after reviewing the presented documentation of the course of
studies from another field of study or university;
5) for classes that have not been assigned ECTS credits, credits shall be assigned by the Dean of the Faculty,
following the rules set out herein and in the curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile.
8a. The Dean of the Faculty, at a student’s request, may recognize (transfer) classes completed as part of a form of
education other than higher education studies, together with the obtained number of ECTS credits, as classes not
covered by the curricullum, after reviewing the documentation enabling verification of the achieved learning
outcomes and the number of ECTS credits. The obtained grades and ECTS credits shall not be included in the
completion of the semester of studies and in the grade point aveerage, but shall be included as additional student
achievements in the supplement.
9. A number of ECTS credits provided for in a study plan for a given semester of studies shall range from 27 to 33
ECTS credits and may not be less than 60 ECTS credits for a given year of study, if it lasts two semesters.
10. If the duration of part-time studies is longer than the duration of the respective full-time studies, a number of
ECTS credits provided for in a study plan for a semester of part-time studies is correspondingly reduced.
11. In order to graduate and obtain a graduation diploma in a given field, level and profile, a student shall be
required to obtain:
1) for the first-cycle degree programme (bachelor programmes) – at least 180 ECTS credits;
2) for the first-cycle degree programme (engineer programmes) – at least 210 ECTS credits;
3) for the second-cycle degree programme (master programmes) – at least: 120 or 150 ECTS credits,
depending on the duration of the studies;
4) for the second-cycle degree programme (master programmes in engineering) – at least: 90 or 120 or
150 ECTS credits, depending on the duration of the studies.
§ 13. GRADING SCALE
1. During verification of learning outcomes, in particular as a part of completion of classes and examinations,
the following grading scale shall be in force at the University:
1) from 90% bardzo dobry (5.0) [Polish equivalent of very good];
2) from 80% plus dobry (4.5) [Polish equivalent of better than good];
3) from 70% dobry (4.0) [Polish equivalent of good];
4) from 60% plus dostateczny (3.5) [Polish equivalent of better than satisfactory];
5) from 50% dostateczny (3.0) [Polish equivalent of satisfactory];
6) under 50% niedostateczny (2.0) [Polish equivalent of unsatisfactory].
2. A positive grade shall be understood as a grade specified in section 1 point 1-5.
3. As a part of a course, grades shall be issued for completing obligatory classes and for examinations, if
provided for in the curriculum, subject to section 4.
4. When completing physical education classes, due to a specific nature of this course, only the following
notations shall be used:
1) zaliczono (“zal.”) [Polish equivalent of “completed”] – for students who have met the minimum required
to complete physical education classes;
2) niezaliczono (“nzal.”) [Polish equivalent of “failed”] – for students who have not met the minimum
required to complete physical education classes,;
3) zwolnienie lekarskie (“zw. lek.”) [Polish equivalent of “medical leave”].
5. In case of failure to meet all the conditions for completing a course specified in the syllabus, this fact shall
be noted in the USOS System by using the notation nie zaliczono ("nzal.") [Polish equivalent of “failed”].
6. Diploma project, diploma thesis and practical placement, as modules, shall be completed by using the
notation zaliczono ("zal. ") [Polish equivalent of “completed”] or niezaliczono ("nzal.") [Polish equivalent of
“failed”].
7. The notation “zal.” [Polish equivalent of “passed”] shall have no equivalent in a numerical grade and may
not be taken into account when calculating the grade point average for a given period of studies.
§ 14. GRADE POINT AVERAGE
1. Grade point average (GPA) for a given period of studies shall be a measure of a student academic progress
in that period and may be determined for one semester, several semesters and for the entire period of
studies.
2. In each case, grade point average shall be a weighted average of all final grades for courses completed in a
given period. Weight coefficients shall be ECTS credits assigned to courses:
𝑔𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑒 𝑝𝑜𝑖𝑛𝑡 𝑎𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 =
Ʃ 𝐸𝐶𝑇𝑆 𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑠 𝑎𝑠𝑠𝑖𝑔𝑛𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑎 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑠𝑒 ∗ 𝑓𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑔𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑒 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑎 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑠𝑒
Ʃ 𝐸𝐶𝑇𝑆 𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑠 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑠𝑒𝑠 𝑡𝑎𝑘𝑒𝑛 𝑖𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑤ℎ𝑒𝑛 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑔𝑟𝑎𝑑𝑒 𝑝𝑜𝑖𝑛𝑡 𝑎𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒
3. Grade point average shall be established to two decimal places, without rounding.
4. Additional courses shall be excluded from the calculation of grade point average, i.e. those which a student
studies with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty, beyond the curriculum, and those completed without a
final grade. Courses taken by a student instead of physical education classes shall be also excluded from the
calculation of grade point average.
5. Practical placement, diploma project and diploma thesis shall be also excluded from the calculation of grade
point average.
§ 15. COMPLETION OF CLASSES
1. Classes shall be completed by a class teacher in accordance with requirements specified by a teacher
responsible for the course in the syllabus, as referred to in § 10 section 6. A class teacher shall be required
to enter grades for completing classes into the USOS System.
2. The main date for completing classes shall be the end of those classes in a given semester.
3. A student who failed to complete classes on the main date shall have the right to complete classes in two
retake dates, unless it is impossible due to the technological conditions of the given classes or a student did
not participate in the given classes. Rules for conducting completion of classes, including retake dates, shall
be specified by a teacher responsible for the course in the syllabus as referred to in § 10 section 6.
3a. Students shall be allowed to complete classes on a retake date before each examination retake date, unless it is
not possible due to technological conditions of given classes.
4. Classes shall be completed in accordance with a schedule established by a class teacher in consultation with
students and it shall be announced on a website, no later than 3 weeks before the end of those classes in a
given semester. The schedule shall be established in such a way that completion of classes takes place no
later than 48 hours before the next examination date.
5. If a student fails to participate in completion of classes on a scheduled date, a class teacher shall record this
fact in the USOS System by entering the date that a student failed to participate, and by entering the notation
"nb" [Polish equivalent of absent] in the "grade" field.
6. Results of completion of classes shall be announced to students in the USOS System by a class teacher no
later than within 5 days from the established date of their completion and no later than 48 hours before the
start of the next scheduled date for completing the classes or scheduled date of examination. The deadline
for announcing results of completion of classes on a given date shall be announced to students during this
date.
7. A student’s failure to participate in completion of classes may be considered as excused by a class teacher,
upon a student written request submitted no later than within 7 days from the established scheduled date
for completion of classes. If, due to random reasons, a student failed to complete classes on scheduled
dates, the Dean of the Faculty, in consultation with a class teacher, shall establish an additional date for
completing classes.
8. In case of matters related to completion of classes a student shall have the right to appeal to the Dean within
7 days from the scheduled date of completion of classes.
9. The Dean of the Faculty, upon a student request, a class teacher or a teacher responsible for the course
request, as well as upon his own initiative, may order to complete classes in a commission form.
10. The request for completing classes in the commission form shall be submitted within 5 days from the
questioned date, providing a detailed explanation of charges.
11. Completing classes in a commission form shall take place on a date and along with the rules established by
the Dean of the Faculty.
12. The class teacher shall be obliged to ensure the proper course of completing the classes.
12a. Verification of learning outcomes specified in the curriculum for completing the classes may be performed remotely
with the use of electronic means of communication in accordance with the rules established by the Rector by way
of an order as referred to in § 11 section 10 and in accordance with the rules set out in the syllabus as referred to
in § 10 section 6.
13. If a class teacher discovers that a student work is not independent, in particular as regards the use of
forbidden materials, devices, methods or means, a student shall be granted un unsatisfactory grade for
completing classes on this date and shall be deprived of retake dates. This shall result in failing the entire
course and in recording in the USOS System with the notation nie zaliczono (“nzal.”) [Polish equivalent of
“failed”].
14. In case as referred to in section 13:
1) a class teacher shall be obliged to notify the Dean of this fact immediately;
2) a student shall have a right to appeal to the Dean against the decision of the class teacher within 7 days from
the day of informing him/her about the fact that his/her work was discovered not independent.
15. A student shall have a right to inspect his/her assessed works, within the dates specified by a class teacher,
particularly during consultations as referred to in § 11 section 2, no later than one day before the next
scheduled retake date for completing classes.
16. Assistants of students with disabilities, including sign language translators, may participate in completion of
classes. Persons assisting students with disabilities shall have the consent of the Vice-Rector for Education
to participate in completion of classes.
17. A class teacher shall be required to store students works as referred to in section 15 for a period of at least
1 year from the date of their submission or from the date of completion of classes.
§ 16. EXAMINATIONS
1. Conditions for admission to take an examination shall be specified in the syllabus as referred to in § 10
section 6.
1a. Taking an examination shall be admissible only after completing the classes.
2. Subject to section 2a, a student shall have a right to take an examination three times on scheduled dates,
including once on a main date and twice on retake dates. Unexcused absence during the examination on a
given date shall result in deprivation of the right to take the examination on that date.
2a. Failure to complete classes on a scheduled date does not justify the absence during the examination and shall
result in deprivation of the right to take this examination on a given date.
3. The examination on main date shall take place during the main examination session, and at least one resit
examination shall take place during the resit examination session, subject to section 7.
4. A teacher responsible for the course shall be the examiner in a given course. In justified cases the Dean of
the Faculty may designate another teacher to be the examiner.
5. A schedule of examinations, including the main date and two retake dates, shall be established by the
examiner in consultation with students and the Dean of the Faculty no later than three weeks before the
beginning of the examination session and shall be announced on the website, subject to section 7.
6. The schedule of examinations shall be established in such a way that no more than one examination takes
place per one session day.
7. If the curriculum is conducted within the so-called blocks of classes, examinations may take place before the
examination session. In this case, the schedule of examinations, including the main date and two retake
dates, shall be established by the examiner in consultation with students and the Dean of the Faculty no
later than two weeks after the start of classes within this block.
8. A student may take an examination on the so-called zero date on the terms specified by a teacher responsible
for the course in the syllabus as referred to in § 10 section 6. The examination on the so-called zero date
shall take place before the examination session. The examination taken on the so-called zero date shall not
be taken into account as far as a number of examinations, as referred to in section 2, is concerned.
9. Examination results, including the examination on the so-called zero date, shall be announced to students
by a teacher responsible for the course in the USOS System no later than within 5 days from the date of the
examination and no later than 48 hours before the start of the next scheduled date of the examination. The 
date of the announcement of results of a given examination shall be communicated to students during this
examination.
10. (repealed).
11. A resit examination to improve a positive grade shall be inadmissible.
12. If a student fails to take an examination on a scheduled date, an examiner shall record this fact in the USOS
System by entering the date of the examination that a student failed to take, and by entering the notation
"nb" [Polish equivalent of absent] in the "grade" field.
13. A student’s failure to take an examination may be considered as excused by the examiner upon a student
request submitted no later than 7 days from the scheduled date of the examination.
14. If, due to random reasons, a student failed to take examinations on scheduled dates, the Dean of the Faculty,
in consultation with a teacher responsible for the course, shall establish additional examination dates,
corresponding to a number of student excused absences on examination dates established by the teacher.
15. Assistants of students with disabilities, including sign language translators, may participate in examinations.
Persons assisting students with disabilities shall have the consent of the Vice-Rector for Education to
participate in examinations.
16. The Dean of the Faculty may order to conduct an final resit examination conducted before an examination
board, in writing or orally, upon a student request, the body of the Student Self-Government Body or the
examiner request, as well as upon his/her own initiative, if:
1) during the examination the irregularities occurred;
2) scope of the examination exceeded the scope specified by a teacher responsible for the course in the
syllabus as referred to in § 10 section 6;
3) in other justified cases.
17. A request for a final resit examination conducted before an examination board shall be submitted within 5
days from the date of the questioned examination, providing detailed justification of charges.
18. The final resit examination conducted before an examination board shall take place before the commission
composed of the chairman, who shall be the Dean of the Faculty or a person designated by the Dean of the
Faculty, and the members of the commission, who shall be: the teacher responsible for the course or another
academic teacher designated by the Dean of the Faculty, a specialist in the course matter covered by the
examination or in the matter related to that course, appointed by the Dean of the Faculty, and the
students’ representative. The chairman of the commission shall not be the academic teacher responsible for
the course. During the examination conducted before the commission an observer appointed by the student,
if indicated, shall be additionally present, on the terms agreed with the Dean of the Faculty.
19. The final resit examination conducted before an examination board shall be conducted by a specialist in the
matter course covered by the examination or a related to the course, appointed by the Dean of the Faculty.
20. Once the final resit examination conducted before an examination board is taken with a positive result, a
grade for this examination shall be taken into account instead of a grade for a questioned examination.
21. With regard to foreign language examinations, rules set out in the Senate resolution as referred to in § 12
section 4, shall apply.
22. An examiner shall be obliged to ensure the proper conduct of the examination.
23. If an examiner discovers that a student work is not independent, in particular as regards the use of forbidden
materials, devices, methods or means, a student shall be granted an unsatisfactory grade for this
examination and shall be deprived of retake dates. This shall result in failing the entire course and in
recording in the USOS System with the notation nie zaliczono (“nzal.”) [Polish equivalent of “failed”].
24. In case as referred to in section 23:
1) an examiner shall be obliged to notify the Dean of the Faculty of this fact immediately;
2) a student shall have a right to appeal to the Dean of the Faculty against the examiner's decision within
7 days from the day of informing him/her that his/her work was discovered not dependent.
25. Verification of learning outcomes specified in the curriculum during the examinations may take place
remotely by using electronic means of communication in accordance with the rules established by the Rector
by way of an order as referred to in § 11 section 10 and in accordance with the rules set out in the syllabus
as referred to in § 10 section 6.
26. A student shall have a right to inspect his/her examination work on the terms specified by a teacher
responsible for the course no later than one day before the next examination date, and in case of the last
examination date – no later than before the end of the semester.
27. A teacher responsible for the course shall be required to store examination works for a period of at least 1
year from the date of the examination.
§ 16a. COMPLETION OF PRACTICAL PLACEMENT
1. Practical placement shall be an integral part of the education process and shall be completed if the curriculum
applicable to a given field of study, level and profile provides for the obligation to complete such practical
placement.
2. During the realization of practical placement, a student shall be obliged in particular to:
1) represent the University with dignity;
2) comply with all regulations in force at the premises of the entity where the practical placement is carried
out;
3) carry out practical placement in accordance with the agreed practice programmme and assigned duties;
4) justify its absence and agree the manner of making up for the backlog caused by a student justified absence
with the practical placement supervisor and the entity where the practical placement takes place.
3. A student shall be obliged to have accident insurance and civil liability insurance during the period of practical
placement, if the entity where the practical placement takes place makes the student's admission to practical
placement conditional on having such an insurance.
4. Practical placement may be carried out on dates set by the practical placement supervisor, subject that it
shall be deemed as completed in the semester in which the curriculum applicable to a given field of study,
level and profile provides for the obligation to complete it.
5. Practical placement shall be completed by the practical placement supervisor appointed by the Dean of the
Faculty.
6. Completion of the practical placement shall be recorded by the practical placement supervisor on dates set
at the University for entering grades for completing classes and examinations in a given semester in the
USOS system.
7. The practical placement supervisor may recognize activities performed by a student, in particular as a part
of employment, internship or volunteering, as practical placement, if:
1) they enabled the achievement of learning outcomes assigned to the practical placement specified in the
curriculum applicable to a given field of study, level and profile;
2) the period of performing the activities is not shorter than the length of practical placement specified in
the curriculum applicable to a given field of study, level and profile;
3) the activities were performed not later than in the last three years before submitting a request by a
student.
8. If the period of performance of the activities as referred to in section 7 is shorter than the duration of practical
placement specified in the curriculum applicable to a given field of study, level and profile, the practical
placement supervisor may recognize it towards the part of the required practical placement.
9. Completion of the practical placement on the basis of section shall be is admissible only at the student's
request, which must be accompanied by a document confirming the performance of specific activities and
the achievement of learning outcomes assigned to the practical placement specified in the curriculum
applicable to a given field of study, level and profile.
10. In matters concerning the completion of practical placement, a student may appeal to the Dean of the Faculty
within 7 days from the date of failure to complete it or refusal to complete for the practical placement.
§ 17. COMPLETING A SEMESTER OF STUDIES,
REGISTRATION FOR A SEMESTER OF STUDIES
1. The settlement period at the University shall be a semester of studies.
2. Successive semesters of studies shall be completed in accordance with a study plan applicable within a
curriculum for a given field of study, level and profile.
3. A semester of studies may be completed after meeting the following requirements:
1) completing all modules specified in a curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile,
as provided for in a plan for a given semester of studies, subject to section 5;
2) obtaining by a student at least 27 to 33 ECTS credits, depending on a number of ECTS credits provided
for in a study plan for a given semester of studies.
4. If the duration of part-time studies is longer than the duration of the relevant full-time studies, a number of
ECTS credits required to complete a semester of part-time studies shall be reduced correspondingly in
accordance with a curriculum applicable to a given field of study, level and profile.
5. In order to complete the last semester of studies it is required to complete all modules specified in a
curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile, provided for in the plan for this semester of
studies, excluding the diploma project or the diploma thesis.
6. Completion of a semester of studies and confirmation of registration for the next semester of studies shall
take place in the USOS System no later than within a week from the beginning of the next semester of
studies. Confirmation of registration for the next semester shall be also entered into a student periodic
achievements card.
7. A student shall be required to notify the Dean of the Faculty in writing of the interruption or abandonment
of studies within the period as referred to in section 6.
8. In case of failure to meet requirements as referred to in section 3 or 4, a student may apply for registration
for the next semester of studies within the so-called total admissible ECTS credit deficit def Pk. A request in
this matter shall be submitted to the Dean of the Faculty.
9. The total admissible ECTS credit deficit def Pk, ranging from 6 and 15 credits shall be specified by the Dean
of the Faculty in the study rules as referred to in § 7 section 17.
10. Curriculum differences shall be included in the total admissible ECTS credit deficit def Pk only after they were
failed.
11. In order to complete a control semester a student shall be required to meet additional requirements specified
by the Dean of the Faculty in the study rules as referred to in § 7 section 17.
12. Registration for the last semester of first-cycle degree programme shall be admissible only after completing
all modules required by the study plan of previous semesters of studies and without any backlog in education.
13. In case of failure to register for the next semester on time, a student shall be deprived of the right to
participate in classes.
14. In case of failure to complete a semester of studies or failure to register for a given semester within the time
limit specified in section 6, the Dean of the Faculty shall decide whether a student is required to repeat a
semester of studies, or whether a student may be granted a leave from classes or whether to initiate a
procedure to expel a student from the list of students, depending on a hitherto course of studies.
§ 18. REPEATING A MODULE OR A COURSE
1. In case of failure to meet conditions for completing a module or a course in a given semester, a student shall
be required to repeat it within the time limit specified by the Dean of the Faculty. A request in this matter
shall be submitted to the Dean of the Faculty.
2. A course repetition shall result in the obligation to re-participate in classes of the course that a student failed
to complete in accordance with a curriculum applicable for a given field of study, level and profile, despite of
the obligation of its completion, and thus obtaining an unsatisfactory academic performance in the procedure
of verification of learning outcomes determined for a repeated course, subject to section 5.
3. If there is no possibility to repeat the same course for reasons not attributable to a student, a student shall
be required to complete another course as a repeated course, with a nominal number of hours and ECTS
credits corresponding to a number of hours and ECTS credits assigned to a failed course, designated by the
Dean of the Faculty, taking into account the obligation to achieve all the assumed learning outcomes.
4. When registering for the next semester of studies, a student shall be required to include a repeated course
in his/her semester timetable as referred to in § 8 section 1.
5. When repeating a course, the Dean of the Faculty in consultation with a teacher responsible for the course,
upon a student request, may exempt a student from the obligation to re-participate in some classes of this
course by prescribing grades for completed classes, only if in the meantime there have been no changes in
learning outcomes achieved during the course of classes.
6. A course may be also repeated within a so-called course retake group. Detailed rules for the organization of
course retake groups shall be specified by the Dean of the Faculty.
7. In case of course repetition a student shall be required to pay a fee according to the Rector’s order.
8. In case of failure to complete a module in the form of a practical placement within the time limit established
in accordance with the study plan, a student shall be required to repeat this module within the time limit set
by the Dean of the Faculty.
9. If case of failure to complete a module in the form of a diploma project or diploma thesis within the time
limit established in accordance with the study plan, a student shall be required to repeat this module within
the time limit set by the Dean of the Faculty.
10. When repeating a module in the form of a diploma project or diploma thesis, the Dean of the Faculty may
oblige a student to repeat a seminar classes (diploma seminar).
§ 19. REPEATING A SEMESTER OF STUDIES
1. Repeating a semester of studies may be caused by backlogs in studies, in particular when there are no bases
to register for the next semester of studies within the so-called total admissible ECTS credit deficit def Pk or
to complete the last semester of studies.
2. A semester of studies may be repeated only with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty upon a student
request.
3. A semester of studies may be repeated only once at each level of studies, subject to section 4.
4. In exceptional, particularly justified cases, the Dean of the Faculty may, once at each level of studies, agree
to repeat a semester of studies once again.
5. The rule referred to in section 3 and 4, shall not apply to part-time students.
6. When repeating a semester of studies, a student shall not be required to repeat already completed courses.
7. A student shall have no right to repeat the first semester of studies.
8. When repeating a semester of studies, a student shall be required to study according to the curriculum
applicable for a given year of education in the semester for which he/she was registered.
9. When giving a consent to repeat a semester of studies, if necessary, the Dean of the Faculty shall establish
in writing curriculum differences and deadlines for their completion.
10. When repeating a semester of studies, upon a consent of the Dean of the Faculty, a student may only
participate in some classes provided for in the curriculum for the next semester within the so-called
advancement and may proceed with the verification of learning outcomes achieved within those classes,
including, in particular by completing classes and taking examinations.
§ 20. LEAVE FORM CLASSES
1. The Dean of the Faculty shall grant a student a leave from classes at the University for a period of no longer
than one year, subject to section 4 and 5:
a) a maternity leave – in case of a pregnant student;
b) a parental leave – in case of a student being a parent in order to take care of a child.
2. In case as referred to in section 1 point 1, a properly documented request shall be submitted after the
occurrence of the reason constituting the basis for its granting, no later than within 7 days from the date of
its occurrence.
3. In case as referred to in section 1 point 2, a properly documented request may be submitted within one year
from a child's birth.
4. The leave as referred to in section 1 point 1 shall be granted for the period until a child's birth, however, if
a leave ends during the semester, it shall be granted until the end of this semester of studies.
5. The leave as referred to in section 1 point 2 shall be granted for a period of up to one year, however, if the
leave ends during the semester, it shall be granted until the end of this semester of studies.
6. The Dean of the Faculty may grant a student a leave from classes at the University for a period of no longer
than one year:
1) a health leave – in case of a long-term illness confirmed by a medical commission certificate;
2) a special leave – due to important random circumstances or resulting from a course of study;
3) a vocational leave – in case of going to study abroad or completing practical placements or internships
under international programmes;
4) a leave without giving a reason – granted once during a course of study after a student has fulfilled all
requirements necessary for:
a) registration for the third semester of studies – in case of first-cycle degree programmes,
b) registration for the second semester of studies – in case of second-cycle degree programmes.
7. A student applying for a leave from classes as referred to in section 6 shall be required to submit a request
to the Dean of the Faculty immediately after the occurrence of the reason constituting the basis for its
granting, no later than within 7 days from the date of its occurrence, and in case of a leave without giving a
reason – no later than within the time limit set for applying for registration for a given semester.
8. Prolongation of a leave from classes for the same reason shall be admissible only with the consent of the
Vice-Rector for Education, acting under the authority of the Rector.
9. In case of granting a leave without giving any reason for a period shorter than one year, a student shall be
deprived of the right to the remaining unused leave.
10. A student following studies at more than one field of study at the same time may apply for a leave from
classes at each of the fields of study, regardless of the course of study at another field of study.
11. Granting a leave from classes after completing the last semester of studies or after completing classes in
the last semester of studies shall be inadmissible.
12. Granting a leave from classes shall be confirmed by an appropriate entry in the USOS System.
13. During a leave from classes, a student shall retain student rights, however, the entitlement to financial
support during this period shall be governed by separate provisions on financial support in force at the
University.
14. During a leave from classes, with the exception of a health leave, with the consent of the Dean of the Faculty,
a student may participate only in some classes provided for in the curriculum for the next semester within
the so-called advancement and may proceed with the verification of the learning outcomes achieved in those
classes, including, in particular, by completing classes and taking examinations.
15. The Dean of the Faculty, in justified cases, upon a student request, may shorten the leave from classes,
however, it shall not be allowed to shorten the leave during the semester.
16. In order to take up studies after a leave from classes it shall be required to report to the Dean's Office and
to obtain an appropriate entry in the USOS System, and in case of a health leave – additionally it shall be
required to submit to the Dean of the Faculty a medical certificate stating that there are no contraindications
to continue studies after the leave from classes.
17. After the return from a leave from classes, a student shall study according to the curriculum applicable for
a given year of education in the semester for which he/she was registered. If necessary, the Dean of the
Faculty shall establish in writing curriculum differences and deadlines for their completion.
§ 21. EXPULSION FROM STUDIES
1. The Dean of the Faculty, acting under the authority of the Rector, shall expel a student from the list of
students in case of:
1) failure to undertake studies;
2) resignation from studies;
3) failure to submit the diploma thesis within the time limit as referred to in § 25 section 15 or section 16,
or failure to take the diploma examination within the time limit as referred to in § 26 section 2 or section
3;
4) punishment with a disciplinary penalty of expulsion from the University.
1a. Failure to submit the diploma project within the time limit as referred to in § 25 section 15 or section 16 shall be
treated as failure to submit the diploma thesis as referred to in section 1 point 3.
2. The Dean of the Faculty, acting under the authority of the Rector, may expel a student from the list of
students in case of:
1) stating a lack of participation in compulsory classes;
2) stating a lack of progress in education;
3) failure to complete a semester within the time limit as referred to in § 17 section 6;
4) failure to pay tuition fees.
3. Failure to undertake studies shall be confirmed in case of:
1) failure to attend classes provided for in the curriculum within one month from the date of the beginning
of classes in a given semester;
2) failure to report to the Dean's Office after the end of the leave from classes in order to obtain an
appropriate entry in the USOS System within the time limit specified in § 17 section 6;
3) failure to take the oath as referred to in § 4 section 2 within two weeks from the beginning of classes in
a given semester, in accordance with the detailed organization of the academic year applicable in a given
academic year.
4. In case of resignation from studies, a student submits its resignation from studies in writing to the Dean's
Office of the Faculty where he/she studies.
5. Lack of progress in education may be confirmed in case of:
1) failure to register for the next semester, in particular due to exceeding the so-called total admissible
ECTS credit deficit def Pk determined on the basis of § 17 section 9;
2) multiple repetition of the same course or module;
3) failure to meet conditions for completing a control semester;
4) failure to pass the so-called general field of study examination as referred to in § 26 section 10;
5) (repealed).
6. A procedure of expulsion from the list of students shall begin with notifying a student in electronic form of
the planned expulsion from the list of students and by setting a deadline within which a student may explain
the situation.
7. If there are no bases to withdraw from the intention to expel a student from the list of students, the Dean
of the Faculty, acting under the authority of the Rector, shall issue a decision on expulsion from the list of
students and shall deliver it to a student within an instruction on the right to submit a request to reconsider
the case to the Rector within 14 days of its delivery.
8. A person expelled from the list of students shall be obliged to settle all the liabilities to the University, in
particular to pay overdue fees.
9. Expulsion from the list of students shall take place by way of an administrative decision.
10. The decision on expulsion from the list of students shall have legal effects only from the date of its delivery.
11. The decision on expulsion from the list of students shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of the
Code of Administrative Procedure.
12. The decision on expulsion from the list of students shall become final:
1) on the day following the day when the deadline for submitting a request to reconsider the case expires,
or
2) as of the day of delivery to the University a declaration of waiver of the right to submit a request to
reconsider the case, or
3) as of the day of delivery to a student a decision upholding the decision on expulsion from the list of
students issued as a result of considering a request to reconsider the case.
§ 22. RESUMPTION OF STUDIES
1. Readmission to studies of a person who was expelled from the list of students during the first semester of
studies shall take place in accordance with the regulations in force at the University, and in particular with
the resolution of the Senate specifying the conditions, procedure and date of commencement and completion
of recruitment for the first year of studies in a given academic year.
2. In justified cases the Dean of the Faculty, acting on the authority of the Rector, upon a request of a person
expelled from the list of students in the second or higher semester of studies, may agree to resume the
studies after reviewing student previous achievements (the so-called resumption of studies).
3. Resumption of studies shall be conducted by means of an entry on the list of students.
4. Resumption of studies shall be admissible only once at each level of studies in the field of study at which a
student studied before the expulsion from the list of students, subject to section 6.
5. In case of resumption of studies a student who repeated a semester of studies because of unsatisfactory
academic performance before the expulsion from the list of students shall be deprived of the right to repeat
a semester of studies after the resumption.
6. In exceptional particularly justified cases the Dean of the Faculty may once for each level of studies agree
to resume the studies once again.
7. (repealed).
8. Resumption of studies shall be inadmissible:
1) after the beginning of classes in a given semester;
2) in case of a person expelled from the list of students at another university;
3) in case of a person expelled from the list of students due to a disciplinary penalty of expulsion from the
University;
4) after 5 years from the date on which the decision on expulsion from the list of students became final;
5) if the University no longer offers a given field of study, subject to a change of the name as referred to
in § 29 section 8 point 1.
9. The Dean of the Faculty may oblige a person applying for resumption of studies to pass the verification
examination, in particular in case of doubts regarding the learning outcomes achieved so far. Rules and the
scope of such an examination shall be specified by the Dean of the Faculty.
10. In case of resumption of studies a student shall be required to study in accordance with the curriculum
applicable for a given year of education in the semester for which he/she was registered.
11. When giving a consent to resume the studies, the Dean of the Faculty shall determine the semester from
which a student will continue his/her studies, and also, if necessary, shall determine in writing curriculum
differences and deadlines for their completion.
12. Resumption of studies shall be admissible for a semester of studies at which the required number of ECTS
credits corresponds to a number of ECTS credits obtained by a student before the expulsion from the list of
students.
§ 23. TRANSFER OF THE UNIVERSITY, FIELD OF STUDY AND FORM OF STUDY
1. A student may transfer from another university or change a field of study at AGH University with the consent
of the Dean of the receiving faculty, only after fulfilling all the obligations towards the university and the
faculty he/she is leaving, in particular after completion of all the modules provided for in the hitherto
curriculum.
1a. In case of a tranfer of a field of study resulting in a tranfer of the Faculty at AGH University, the knowledge of the
Dean of the Faculty which the student is leaving shall be required in writing.
2. Transfer to another university shall be admissible if a student has fulfilled all the obligations resulting from
the regulations in force at the AGH University. A student shall be obliged to inform the Dean of the Faculty
about the planned intention to transfer to another university.
3. Transfer from another university or change of the faculty or a field of study shall be depended on making an
entry on the list of students.
4. Transfer from another university orchange of a field of study at the AGH University shall be considered as
continuation of the studies and shall take place upon a student request no sooner than after registration for
at least second semester within the hitherto studies. The transfer shall be inadmissible after the beginning
of the classes in a given semester.
5. In exceptional particularly justified cases the Vice-Rector for Education, acting under the authority of the
Rector, may depart from the principle laid down in section 4.
6. A student of another university, together with a request as referred to in section 4, shall be required to attach
a current certificate confirming the student's status at the home university with a note that it is issued for
the purpose of transferring to study at AGH University and documents confirming the hithireto course of
studies.
7. In case of a transfer or a change, as referred to in section 4, a student shall study according to the curriculum
applicable for a given year of education in the semester for which he/she was registered.
8. The Dean of the receiving Faculty, giving the consent as referred to in section 1, shall determine in writing
te curriculum differences and deadlines for their completion.
9. Transfer from another university or change of a field of study within the AGH University at last semester of
studies shall be inadmissible.
10. After a transfer from another university or change of a field of study at the AGH University, the following
information shall be entered into the USOS System:
1) the hitherto name of the faculty (university) and the name of the field of study, as well as the date of a
transfer;
2) modules completed therein along with assigned ECTS credits, and acknowledged by the Dean of the
receiving Faculty on the terms set out in § 12 section 8, and the total number of ECTS credits obtained
until the transfer or the change;
3) leaves from classes and repeated periods of study.
11. The Dean of the receiving Faculty may define detailed conditions and rules of changing the university or the
field of study, in particular with regard to the minimum grade point average.
12. In justified cases a student may apply for a change of the form of study once at each level of study. In this
case, the provisions as referred to in section 1-11 shall apply accordingly.
13. Changing the form of studies with the total admissible ECTS credit deficit def PK shall be admissible in case
of transfer from full-time studies to part-time studies within the same field of study, level and profile.
§ 24. AWARDS, DISTINCTIONS, PENALTIES
1. Students who stand out with outstanding academic performance and exemplary fulfilment of their duties
may be awarded the following distinctions:
1) a praise or a distinction;
2) Rector’s scholarships and awards;
3) awards and scholarships funded by state institutions, scientific societies, industry associations, social
organizations and others in accordance with regulations applicable to those awards.
2. The procedure and rules for granting the Rector's scholarships and awards shall be specified in separate
Rector’s order.
3. Awards as referred to in section 1 point 3 may be also granted to distinctive graduates.
4. Students and graduates achieving the best academic performance, distinguishing by achievements in work
within the student scientific movement or within other research groups, as well as those acting to the benefit
of the University or having outstanding cultural or sports achievements may be also distinguished in the
manner provided for in separate regulations in force at the University.
5. For violation of regulations in force at the University and for acts violating the student dignity, a student
shall be liable to disciplinary action on the terms set out in the Act.
6. As an act offending the student dignity shall be considered in particular the use of forbidden materials,
devices, methods or means during the verification of learning outcomes, as well as disrupting its proper
course.
7. Disciplinary penalties are:
1) admonition;
2) reprimand;
3) reprimand with a warning;
4) suspension of certain student rights for a period up to one year;
5) expulsion from the University.
8. For minor offenses, the Rector may, without referring to the disciplinary committee, impose an admonition
upon a student, after a prior hearing of the accused student or his/her defence counsel.
9. The Dean of the Faculty shall submit a request to initiate disciplinary proceedings against a student to the
Rector, who immediately orders the investigation, in particular:
1) in the event of a suspicion that a student has committed an act as referred to in Article 287 section 2
point 1-5 of the Act;
2) after confirmation of the use of manipulation in the text of the diploma thesis aimed at concealing the
dependence of the diploma thesis;
3) if the Dean of the Faculty has confirmed circumstances as referred to in § 15 section 13, § 16 section
23 and in § 26 section 15 of the Study Regulations.
10. In case of a reasonable suspicion that a student has committed an offence, the Rector, together with an
order to initiate the investigation process, may suspend a student in student rights until the disciplinary
committee issues the ruling.
11. If, as a result of the investigation process, the collected material confirms committing the act as referred to
in section 9, the Rector shall suspend proceedings on awarding a degree until the disciplinary committee
issues the ruling and shall submit a formal notification about the commission of a legal offense.
§ 25. DIPLOMA PROJECTS AND DIPLOMA THESES
1. In case of first-cycle degree programmes a student shall be required to prepare a diploma project as a
compulsory element of the curriculum.
2. In case of second-cycle degree programmes a student shall be required to prepare a diploma thesis as a
compulsory element of the curriculum. The diploma thesis shall be an independent elaboration of a specific
scientific, artistic or practical issue or a technical or artistic achievement, presenting student’s general
knowledge and skills related to the studies in a given field of study, level and profile, as well as the ability
to analyse and draw conclusions independently.
3. A diploma thesis or diploma project may be, in particular, a written essay, a published article, a project work,
including an engineering project, execution of a computer program or system, as well as construction,
technological or artistic work.
4. An engineering project shall be a documented performance of a practical project (including a team project)
and shall include technical documentation specified in the subject of the task.
5. The University shall have the priority in publishing a student thesis. If the University has not published a
diploma thesis within 6 months from the date of the diploma examination, the author may publish it, unless
the thesis is a part of a group work.
6. The University may use, without remuneration and without the author's consent, the work created by a
student as a result of the performance of duties related to the course of studies, make the work available to
the minister competent for higher education and science, and use works contained in the databases
maintained by him, in order to be verified with the use of the Uniform Anti-Plagiarism System (hereinafter
referred to as the JSA System).
7. If a diploma thesis or a diploma project contains research results that are confidential due to legal protection
requirements, publication may only take place after their protection has been ensured.
8. A diploma project may be prepared under the supervision of an academic teacher with at least a doktor
degree. In justified cases the Dean of the Faculty may agree to prepare a diploma project under the
supervision of another person with competences and experience enabling its proper performance.
9. A diploma thesis may be prepared under the supervision of an academic teacher with at least a doktor
habilitowany degree. In justified cases the Dean of the Faculty may agree to prepare a diploma thesis under
the supervision of an academic teacher with a doktor degree or under the supervision of another person with
a doktor degree, with competences and experience enabling its proper performance.
9a. A diploma project or a diploma thesis may also be prepared with the participation of an assistant thesis
supervisor. The procedure and rules for appointing and providing care by such a thesis supervisor shall be
specified by the Dean of the Faculty in the detailed diploma rules as referred to in § 26 section 11. The
assistant thesis supervisor shall be obliged to provide care in a way that allows the student to submit a
diploma project or diploma thesis on time.
10. (repealed).
11. (repealed).
12. A thesis supervisor shall determine the mode and the schedule of thesis performance enabling its timely
submission by a student. A thesis supervisor shall be also obliged to verify a written diploma thesis or diploma
project with the use of the JSA System. Detailed rules for handling diploma theses with the use of the JSA
System in the USOS System shall be specified by the Rector by way of an order.
13. In case of a longer absence of a thesis supervisor, which may result in a delay in its preparation or submission
within the set deadline, as well as in other justified cases, a student may submit a request to the Dean of
the Faculty to change the thesis supervisor. The new thesis supervisor shall be appointed by the Dean of the
Faculty after consulting with the head of the organizational unit where the diploma thesis or diploma project
is being prepared.
14. A student shall be obliged to choose a topic of a diploma project – no later than one semester, and in case
of a diploma thesis – no later than one year before the planned date of graduation. Failure to meet this
condition may result in refusal to register for the diploma semester or, respectively, for the semester
preceding the diploma semester. In case of agreements specifying rules of cooperation within joint studies
concluded with other universities, deadlines for selecting topics shall be specified in those agreements.
14a. If a diploma thesis or a diploma project is also prepared with the participation of an assistant thesis
supervisor, this shall be indicated next to the topic of the diploma project or diploma thesis.
15. A student shall be required to submit a diploma project during first-cycle degree programmes, and a diploma
thesis – during second-cycle degree programmes in electronic form (in a fixed format) via the USOS System
no later than:
1) by the end of February – in case of studies ending in the winter semester;
2) by the end of September – in case of studies ending in the summer semester.
16. In exceptional, particularly justified cases, the Dean of the Faculty, upon a student request submitted before
the deadline as referred to in section 15, may agree to extend the deadline for submitting a diploma thesis
or a diploma project by no more than two months.
17. A diploma project or a diploma thesis shall be considered as submitted within the time limit as referred to in
section 15 or section 16, after meeting all of the following conditions:
1) after all modules provided for in the curriculum have been completed;
2) after a final version of a diploma project or a diploma thesis has been entered by a student into the
USOS System only in the electronic form;
3) after a verification of a diploma project or a diploma thesis in electronic form with the use of the JSA
System has taken place;
4) after a review of a diploma project or a diploma thesis by the thesis supervisor and by the reviewer has
been entered into the USOS System;
5) after a positive grade has been entered into the USOS System by the thesis supervisor and by the
reviewer.
17a. A student may appeal against a negative grade of a diploma project or a diploma thesis to the Dean of the
Faculty within 14 days from the date of the grade.
18. (repealed).
19. A diploma thesis or a diploma project shall be assessed independently by the thesis supervisor and the
reviewer. In case of discrepancies between the grades of the thesis supervisor and the reviewer, the final
grade for the diploma thesis or the diploma project shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean
of the grades of the thesis supervisor and the reviewer, calculated to two decimal places, without rounding 
at the meeting of the diploma examination commission, in accordance with the principle set out in § 27
section 5 .
20. A student shall have a right to read the review of the diploma thesis or the diploma project.
21. ECTS credits for the preparation and submission of a diploma thesis or a diploma project shall be awarded
by the Dean of the Faculty after meeting all the conditions as referred to in section 17.
22. A diploma thesis or a diploma project may be prepared in one of the congress languages with the consent
of the thesis supervisor and if agreed with the Dean of the Faculty.
23. A diploma thesis or a diploma project may be a group work, provided that the participation of each of its
authors is specified in detail.
24. In justified cases, each of the authors as referred to in section 23, may defend their part of the diploma
thesis or diploma project separately.
25. A student shall be required to prepare a diploma thesis or a diploma project (or a part thereof) personally
and independently, and shall be required to confirm this fact by a declaration, the content of which is specified
by the Rector in the order as referred to in section 12.
26. Conditions and requirements related to preparation of diploma projects and diploma theses, as well as the
course of diploma procedure shall be specified by the Dean of the Faculty in the study rules as referred to in
§ 7 section 17.
27. A diploma thesis and a diploma project shall be stored for the period and in the manner specified in separate
regulations.
§ 26. DIPLOMA EXAMINATIONS
1. A student may be admitted to a diploma examination only after:
1) completing all modules provided for in the curriculum;
2) submitting a diploma thesis or a diploma project, depending on the level of study.
2. A diploma examination shall take place no later than:
1) by the end of March – in case of studies ending in the winter semester;
2) by the end of October – in case of studies ending in the summer semester.
3. If the deadline for submitting the diploma thesis or the diploma project was extended as referred to in § 25
section 16, a diploma examination shall take place no later than:
1) by the end of May – in case of studies ending in the winter semester;
2) by the end of December – in case of studies ending in the summer semester.
4. If a diploma thesis or a diploma project has been prepared in congress language, the Dean of the Faculty,
upon a student or a thesis supervisor request, may agree to conduct a diploma examination in the congress
language in which a diploma thesis or a diploma project was prepared. In case of studies conducted in a
foreign language, such consent is not required if a diploma examination is conducted in the language of
studies.
5. A diploma examination shall take place in front of the commission appointed by the Dean of the Faculty.
6. The Commission shall be chaired by the Dean of the Faculty or another academic teacher appointed by him.
6a. Verification of learning outcomes specified in the curriculum as a part of diploma examination may take place
remotely by using electronic means of communication in accordance with the rules established by the Rector
by way of an order as referred to in § 11 section 10.
7. Assistants of students with disabilities, including sign language translators, may participate in diploma
examinations. Persons assisting students with disabilities shall have the consent of the Vice-Rector for
Education to participate in diploma examinations.
8. A diploma examination may be open upon a student or a thesis supervisor written request, submitted to the
Dean of the Faculty no later than 7 days before the scheduled date of the examination. Then, persons
indicated by a student or a thesis supervisor may take part in the examination.
9. A diploma examination shall include:
1) presentation of a diploma thesis or a diploma project, subject to section 11 point 9;
2) discussion on a diploma thesis or a diploma project, subject to section 11 point 9;
3) verification of the level of mastering the knowledge and skills within the studied field of study.
10. Verification of the level of mastering the knowledge and skills within the studied field of study, as referred to
in section 9 point 3, may take place earlier as a part of the so-called general field of study examination.
11. The detailed diploma rules related to the organization and the course of diploma examinations, in particular:
1) the rules for selecting and approving the topics of diploma theses and diploma projects and their
supervisors by students; if the diploma thesis or diploma project will also be prepared with the
participation of an assistant thesis supervisor - the procedure and rules for appointing and exercising
care by such an assistant thesis supervisor;
2) time restrictions;
3) the rules for appointing reviewers;
4) the scope of the diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study examination, if
provided;
5) rules of determining the composition of the commission conducting the diploma examination, including
the commission conducting the so-called general field of study examination, if provided;
6) the mode of conducting the diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study
examination, if provided;
7) the rules specifying how a grade form the so-called general field of study examination, if provided, is
taken into account into the grade for the diploma examination;
8) the guidelines for the course of the diploma examination;
9) indication whether a diploma examination also includes presentation of a diploma project and discussion
on a diploma project,
– shall be specified by the Dean of the Faculty in the study rules as referred to in § 7 section 17.
12. A student who has successfully completed all courses and practical placement provided for in the curriculum
may be admitted to the so-called general field of study examination.
13. A student shall have a right to take a diploma examination twice, including the so-called general field of
study examination, on the main date and on the retake date.
14. The commission shall be obliged to ensure the proper conduct of the diploma examination, including the socalled general field of study examination.
15. If the commission discovers that the student work is not independent, in particular as regards the use of
forbidden materials, devices, methods or means, a student shall be granted an unsatisfactory grade for the
diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study examination, and shall be deprived of
retake dates of the diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study examination.
16. In case as referred to in section 15:
1) the Commission shall be obliged to notify the Dean of the Faculty of this fact immediately;
2) a student shall have a right to appeal to the Dean of the Faculty against the decision of the commission
within 7 days from the date of informing him/her about the finding that his/her work was discovered not
dependent.
17. The diploma examination shall be assessed by the commission during the closed part of its meeting. The
grade for the diploma examination shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of all partial
grades obtained for presentation of the diploma thesis or the diploma project and answers given to all asked
questions. Partial grades shall be granted by the commission members asking the questions. As a
consequence of a positive result of the diploma examination, the commission shall decide to award an
appropriate degree and a graduation diploma, and shall determine a final grade.
18. A diploma examination shall be documented in the form of a protocol prepared in accordance with the
template specified in executive regulations to the Act.
19. The result of the diploma examination, along with examination grades and the final grade, shall be announced
by the commission chairman in the presence of its members immediately after the examination.
20. In case of receiving an unsatisfactory grade form the diploma examination, including the so-called general
field of study examination, the Dean of the Faculty shall determine the retake date of the examination. A
resit diploma examination to improve a positive grade shall be inadmissible.
21. The so-called general field of study examination deadlines, including the retake dates, shall be determined
by the Dean of the Faculty.
22. A resit diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study examination, may take place no
sooner than after 7 days and no later than before the deadlines as referred to in section 2 or section 3. The
date of this examination shall be announced by the Dean of the Faculty to the student at least 7 days before
the scheduled retake date of the diploma examination.
23. In case failure to pass a diploma examination on a retake date, the Dean of the Faculty shall expel a student
from the list of students. Resumption of studies shall be admissible on the principles set out in § 22.
24. Failure to take a diploma examination, including the so-called general field of study examination, may be
considered as excused by the Dean of the Faculty upon a student written request submitted no later than 7
days from the scheduled date of the examination.
25. Failure to take a diploma examination, considered by the Dean of the Faculty as unexcused, shall result in
the same consequences as failure to pass a diploma examination.
26. In case of excused failure to take a diploma examination or the so-called general field of study examination,
the Dean of the Faculty shall determine an additional date for this examination.
27. A student may appeal to the Rector against the final negative result of the diploma examination, including
the so-called general field of study examination, within 14 days from the date of the examination.
28. The diploma examination passed with at least a satisfactory grade shall be considered as the act of graduation
from the University.
§ 27. GRADUATION
1. In order to graduate and to obtain a graduation diploma in a given field of study, level and profile, a student
shall be required to:
1) achieve all assumed learning outcomes specified in the curriculum;
2) complete all modules provided for in the curriculum;
3) obtain a number of ECTS credits required by the curriculum;
4) in case of first-cycle degree programmes – submit a diploma project, and in case of second-cycle degree
programmes – submit a diploma thesis;
5) pass a diploma examination.
2. The date of passing a diploma examination (passing a diploma examination with a positive grade) shall be
treated as the graduation date.
3. The final grade entered into a graduation diploma and into a diploma supplement shall be determined as a
weighted average of the following grades:
1) the grade point average for the studies, determined in accordance with § 14;
2) the final grade for the diploma project or the diploma thesis, determined in accordance with section 5;
3) the grade for the diploma examination, determined by the commission in accordance with section 5.
4. Weight coefficients of the grades as referred to in section 3, shall be determined by the Dean of the Faculty
in the study rules as referred to in § 7 section 17, provided that the grade point average for the studies shall
be determined with a weight no lower than 60%.
5. The grades as referred to in section 3 point 2 and 3, as well as the final grade, shall be determined up to two
decimal places, without rounding, according to the following rule, depending on the numeric value:
1) from 3,00 verbal grade descriptor: dostateczny (3.0) [Polish equivalent of satisfactory],
2) from 3,21 verbal grade descriptor: plus dostateczny (3.5) [Polish equivalent of better than satisfactory],
3) from 3,71 verbal grade descriptor: dobry (4.0), good [Polish equivalent of good],
4) from 4,21 verbal grade descriptor: plus dobry (4.5) [Polish equivalent of better than good],
5) from 4,71 verbal grade descriptor: bardzo dobry (5.0) [Polish equivalent of very good].
6. In case of agreements specifying principles of cooperation within joint studies concluded with other
universities, rules for determining the grade for the diploma examination and the final grade shall be set out
in those agreements, taking into account principles set out herein.
7. A student after passing the diploma examination shall become a University graduate. Within 30 days from
the graduation date, the University shall issue to the graduate the graduation diploma along with the diploma
supplement.
8. Before receiving a diploma and a diploma supplement, a graduate shall be required to settle all liabilities
towards the University, in particular shall be required to submit required documents and to pay required
fees.
9. A graduate who has met all of the following conditions:
1) has submitted a diploma project or a diploma thesis within the time limit as referred to in § 25 section
15;
2) has taken the diploma examination within the time limit as referred to in § 26 section 2;
3) has obtained the grade point average for studies of at least 4,72;
4) has received very good grades for both the diploma project or the diploma thesis and the diploma
examination,
– the commission or the Dean of the Faculty may award a distinction. A graduate who has been awarded the
distinction shall receive a diploma with distinction.
10. (repealed).
§ 28. DOCUMENTATION OF THE COURSE OF STUDY
1. The course of studies shall be documented:
1) in the student files, in particular in student periodic achievements cards;
2) in the USOS System.
2. The detailed scope and manner of keeping documentation of the course of studies, including in electronic
form, shall be specified in executive regulations to the Act and the Rector's order.
§ 29. TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS
1. (repealed).
2. (repealed).
3. Decisions concerning individual student matters issued before 1st of October 2019 shall remain in force.
4. (repealed).
5. Students who started their studies in the 2018/2019 academic year and in previous years, shall continue
their studies according to the curricula developed on the basis of existing regulations until the end of the
period of studies provided for in the curriculum, including the major, subject to section 6.
6. In case of transfer from another university, change of the field of study or form of study, repeating a
semester, leave from classes, resumption of studies or another break in studying, students as referred to in
section 5 shall continue their studies according to the curriculum for a given year of education in the semester
at which they were registered.
7. In case of students as referred to in section 5, whenever provisions hereof refer to:
1) a curriculum it shall be understood as a curriculum developed on the basis of existing regulations;
2) education outcomes shall be understood as learning outcomes;
3) individual organization of studies shall be understood as an individual curriculum.
8. Subject to section 6, in case of students as referred to in section 5:
1) if it is necessary to repeat a semester, take leave from classes or resume studies by persons expelled
from the list of students, continuation of studies shall be possible in the field of study, the name of which
has changed in accordance with § 1 of the AGH Senate Resolution No. 146/2018 of 28th of November
2018 on changing the name of some fields of study at the AGH University of Krakow;
2) a curriculum shall include:
a) description of learning outcomes prescribed to a field of study, defined by the University Senate in
a resolution, and
b) a study programme, including a study plan, adopted by the Faculty Board by way of a resolution,
after obtaining an opinion from an authorized faculty body of the Student Self-Government, taking
into account provisions of the Act and executive regulations to the Act and guidelines specified by
the AGH University Senate;
3) all arrangements regarding rules of performing studies, established by the Faculty Board and by the
Dean of the Faculty on the basis of the existing Regulations, remain in force;
4) classes not covered by the study plan shall be carried on the basis of the rules applicable so far;
5) submission of a diploma thesis shall be required as one of the conditions of graduation and obtaining a
graduation diploma, both for first-cycle and second-cycle degree programmes;
6) the provisions of § 25 and § 26 of the Study Regulations shall not apply to diploma projects;
7) diploma theses shall be prepared in accordance with the detailed rules of diploma established applicable
so far.
9. (repealed).
10. Curricula shall be available in the Public Information Bulletin as referred to in § 7 section 19 in case of years
of education starting from the academic year 2019/2020.
11. In case of persons expelled from the list of students due to failure to submit a diploma thesis within time
limits as referred to in § 22 section 13 of the Study Regulations applicable so far, the so-called resumption
of studies for the day of taking the diploma examination shall be admissible only until 30th of September
2019. After this period, the so-called resumption of studies for the day of taking the diploma examination
shall be inadmissible.
12. Students who, before the 1st of October 2015:
1) repeated a semester or a year of study – may take advantage of the principle as referred to in § 19
section 4;
2) resumed the studies – may take advantage of the principle as referred to in § 22 section 6.
13. (repealed).
14. In case of doubts whether to apply provisions applicable so far or these Study Regulations, the provisions
hereof shall apply.
§ 29a. EPISODIC PROVISIONS 2)
(skipped)
§ 29b. EPISODIC PROVISIONS 3)
(skipped)
2) § 29a. Episodic provisions added by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 168/2020 of 29th of May 29 2020 on the
amendment of the Resolution No. 56/2019 of 24th of April 2019 on the adoption of the Study Regulation at the AGH University
of Krakow. § 29a was in force in the period from 29th of May 2020 to 30th of September 2020.
3) § 29b. Episodic provisions added by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 45/2022 of 26th of April 2022 on the
amendment of the Resolution No. 56/2019 of 24th of April 2019 on the adoption of the Study Regulation at the AGH University
of Krakow. § 29b. was in force in the period from 24th of February 24 022 to 30th of September.
§ 30. FINAL PROVISIONS
1. The Study Regulations of the first-cycle and second-cycle degree programmes of the AGH University of
Krakow adopted by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 54/2015 of 29th April 2015, as amended
by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 42/2017 26th of April 2017 on amendments to the Study
Regulations of the first-cycle and second-cycle degree programmes of the AGH University of Krakow shall be
repealed.
2. The Study Regulations shall enter into force on 1st of October 2019.4)
4) The Study Regulations were adopted by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 56/2029 of 24th of April 2019 and
entered into force on 1st of October 2019. Amendments to the Study Regulations were introduced by the following resolutions
of the AGH University Senate:
1) by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 168/2020 of 29th of May 2020
2) by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 43/2021 of 28th of April 2021
3) by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 45/2022 of 27th of April 2022
4) by the Resolution of the AGH University Senate No. 46/2022 of 27th of April 2022